So I'm sure I'm pressing
Oh, ain't you sick from above?
You know you make my world light up
When I was young, when I was hurt
It came to live me home
Love is a dream and loves a truck
Oh, no, I think I'm gonna speed my eyes up
When I was a river, try up
It came to rain and fly
Cause it's a dream for me, dream for me
When I was so nervous, I fall on a sand for me
No, I just can't get it alone
I choose on me, I'm so nervous
When I was so nervous, I fall on a sand for me
I'm feeling drunk and I'm so high
So high, so high
Oh, I'm feeling drunk and I'm so high
Oh, I'm feeling drunk
Oh, ain't you sick from above?
I feel your cold, I'm sitting through my blood
Love is a dream, your love's about to make the stars come out
It's wings on me, wings on me
When I was so heavy on a sand for me
When I was so nervous, I fall on a sand for me
I'm feeling drunk and I'm so high, so high
Oh, I'm feeling drunk and I'm so high
I'm feeling drunk and I'm so high